README.md, before:

# r4py

Rust for Python Programmers.

[![Built with Material for MkDocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material_for_MkDocs-526CFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=MaterialForMkDocs&logoColor=white)](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)

## Usage

This project is licensed under [CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
You are free to share (copy and redistribute) the material in any medium or format under the following terms:

- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
- NoDerivatives — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.

## Contribution

[![Contribute in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/fkromer/r4py)

# Donating

If you would like to donate a coffee or two, you are very welcome to do so:

[![Donate with PayPal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stefan-niedermann/paypal-donate-button/master/paypal-donate-button.png)](paypal.me/fkromer)

Commit message:

refer license and contrib mds

README.md, after:

# r4py

Rust for Python Programmers.

[![Built with Material for MkDocs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material_for_MkDocs-526CFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=MaterialForMkDocs&logoColor=white)](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/)

## Usage

This project is [licensed](./LICENSE.md) under [CC BY-NC-ND 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
You are free to share (copy and redistribute) the material in any medium or format under the following terms:

- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
- NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
- NoDerivatives — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you may not distribute the modified material.

## Contribution

Refer to [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information how to contribute to this project.

[![Contribute in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/fkromer/r4py)

# Donating

If you would like to donate a coffee or two, you are very welcome to do so:

[![Donate with PayPal](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stefan-niedermann/paypal-donate-button/master/paypal-donate-button.png)](paypal.me/fkromer)
